en: Doc update for monitoring multiple TiDB clusters with one TidbMonitor (#782)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/monitor-using-tidbmonitor.md

type: kubernetes.io/tls
 ```

> ## Monitor multiple TiDB clusters using TidbMonitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Monitor multiple TiDB clusters
```

> TidbMonitor supports monitoring multiple non-TLS clusters. It is suggested that you use a separate TidbMonitor to monitor each TLS cluster. [`Thanos`](https://thanos.io/tip/thanos/getting-started.md/) solution is recommended to query all the monitoring data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TidbMonitor supports monitoring multiple non-TLS clusters. As for TLS-enabled clusters, it is recommended that you monitor each cluster with a separate TidbMonitor. You can use [`Thanos`](https://thanos.io/tip/thanos/getting-started.md/) to query all the monitoring data.
```

> TidbMonitor monitor multiple non-TLS clusters as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor multiple non-TLS clusters, configure the TidbMonitor CR as follows:
```
